Adds Development Guidelines working document (#115)
Developer-DAO/developerdao.com: README.md

## Contributing

> Thanks for showing interest in contributing to DeveloperDAO. Before submitting any changes please review our contributing gudielines in [CONTRIBUTING.md](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: Typo!

```suggestion
Thanks for showing interest in contributing to Developer DAO. Before submitting any changes please review our contributing gudielines in [CONTRIBUTING.md](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
